c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\ChicoBusiness.exe.config
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\ChicoBusiness.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\ChicoBusiness.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\ChicoBusiness.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\ChicoBusiness_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\ChicoBusiness.g.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\ChicoBusiness.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\ChicoBusiness.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\ChicoBusiness.exe
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\ChicoBusiness.pdb
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\AddClient.baml
c:\users\francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\obj\Debug\AddClient.g.cs
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.dll
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.pdb
C:\Users\Francisco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChicoBusiness\ChicoBusiness\bin\Debug\OxyPlot.Xps.xml
